Spell checking and style checking of the English LP content (vale) (#560)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: docs/spell-and-style-checking.md

## Checking new Learning Path content coming in via Pull Requests

This happens automatically, using GitHub Actions and this workflow [vale.yml](.github/workflows/vale.yml).

Output looks like this:

![Screenshot 2023-08-02 at 22 41 08](https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/assets/163029/8dda3c81-634c-48db-9a2f-3f216b717e97)

Note that this highlighting will only be done for any issues found in lines that were changed in the given Pull Request. The idea here is that a contributor should only have to review style issues in the content that they have added themselves.

You should only have to adapt the GitHub Actions workflow in [vale.yml](.github/workflows/vale.yml) when adding entirely new sections to the Learning Path.

## How to add exceptions to the spell checker?

There may be times where the Learning Path wants to use spelling differently from what is defined in [isc-styles][]. (Note that we hope that this will be the exception, as otherwise it won't make sense to maintain the styles centrally).

To do so, add the exceptions that you want to make to [accept.txt](.github/vale/Vocab/Base/accept.txt) or [reject.txt](.github/vale/Vocab/Base/reject.txt)

> TBD - I think this needs to be described in more detail. Especially when to add exceptions locally, and when to add them to the isc-styles repo.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: We need to add a more specific description here about when to add exceptions to `Vocab/Base` in this repo, or when to rather add them to the isc-styles repo. However we have to get more hands-on experience with vale before we can write a more helpful description of this approach.
```
